##### LLM INPUT #####
================================ System Message ================================

You are a developer. Your task is to install dependencies and set up a environment that is able to run the tests of the project.

- You start with an initial Docker container based on python:3.11.
- You interact with a Bash session inside this container.
- Project files are located in /testbed within the container, and your current working directory of bash is already set to /testbed.
- No need to clone the project again.

The final objective is to successfully run the tests of the project.


### Python-Specific Instructions:
- Make sure the package is installed from source in editable mode before running tests (e.g., `pip install -e .`)
- Avoid using tox to run tests if possible as it's designed for CI. Read tox.ini to understand setup
- Check requirements.txt, setup.py, or pyproject.toml for dependencies


================================ Human Message =================================


You run in a loop of Thought, Action, Observation.
At the end of the loop you should use Action to stop the loop.

Use Thought to describe your thoughts about the question you have been asked.
Use Action to run one of the actions available to you.
Observation will be the result of running those actions.
> Important Note: Each step, reply with only **one** (Thought, Action) pair.
> Important Note: Do not reply **Observation**, it will be provided by the system.

Your available actions are:

Command: run a command in the bash, reply with following format, your command should not require sudo or interactive input:
    <command>bash command</command>
    e.g. install build-essential: <command>apt-get install -y build-essential</command>
    e.g. view file content: <command>cat README.md</command>
Search: search the web for if you need some information, generate query and reply with following format:
    <search>the search query</search>
    e.g. <search>how to fix 'No module named setuptools'</search>
    e.g. <search>how to install python3 on ubuntu</search>
    e.g. <search>how to create development environment for python3</search>
Stop: stop the setup loop once you think the setup is complete, reply with following format:
    <stop></stop>


Observation will be the result of running those actions.


Project Structure: the structure of the project, including files and directories.
Related Files: the content of related files of the project that may help you understand the project.
Thought: you should always think about what to do
Action: <command>your bash command here</command> or <search>your search query</search> or other actions available
Observation: the result of the action
... (this Thought/Action/Observation can repeat N times) ...
Thought: I think the setup should be fine
Action: <stop>stop the setup</stop>
Answer: the final result

Begin!
Project Structure: 📂 
/Users/danielzayas/Development/SWE-bench/SWE-bench-Live/launch/workspaces/asteroid-stage3/pylint-dev__astroi
d-2596/repo
┣━━ 📂 .github
┣━━ 📂 astroid
┣━━ 📂 doc
┣━━ 📂 script
┣━━ 📂 tests
┣━━ 📄 .coveragerc
┣━━ 📄 .git-blame-ignore-revs
┣━━ 📄 .pre-commit-config.yaml
┣━━ 📄 .readthedocs.yaml
┣━━ 📄 ChangeLog
┣━━ 📄 codecov.yml
┣━━ 📄 CONTRIBUTORS.txt
┣━━ 📄 LICENSE
┣━━ 📄 MANIFEST.in
┣━━ 📄 pylintrc
┣━━ 📄 pyproject.toml
┣━━ 📄 README.rst
┣━━ 📄 requirements_dev.txt
┣━━ 📄 requirements_full.txt
┣━━ 📄 requirements_minimal.txt
┣━━ 📄 setup.cfg
┣━━ 📄 tbump.toml
┗━━ 📄 tox.ini

Related Files: ------ BEGIN RELATED FILES ------
------ END RELATED FILES ------


================================ Human Message =================================


The commands you have run:```
cat requirements_dev.txt, cat requirements_minimal.txt, pip install -r requirements_minimal.txt, pip install -e ., pytest --maxfail=1 --disable-warnings -q```
Following are the last 5 messages:

================================ Human Message =================================

Observation:
pip install -r requirements_minimal.txt
Looking in indexes: http://host.docker.internal:56572
Collecting contributors-txt>=0.7.4 (from -r requirements_minimal.txt (line 2))
  Downloading contributors_txt-1.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (11 kB)
Collecting tbump~=6.11 (from -r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading tbump-6.11.0-py3-none-any.whl (35 kB)
Collecting coverage~=7.6 (from -r requirements_minimal.txt (line 6))
  Downloading coverage-7.6.1-cp311-cp311-manylinux_2_17_aarch64.manylinux2014_aarch64.whl (239 kB)
Collecting pytest (from -r requirements_minimal.txt (line 7))
  Downloading pytest-8.3.3-py3-none-any.whl (342 kB)
Collecting pytest-cov~=5.0 (from -r requirements_minimal.txt (line 8))
  Downloading pytest_cov-5.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (21 kB)
Collecting cli-ui>=0.10.3 (from tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading cli_ui-0.17.2-py3-none-any.whl (13 kB)
Collecting docopt<0.7.0,>=0.6.2 (from tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading docopt-0.6.2.tar.gz (25 kB)
  Installing build dependencies ... - \ | done
  Getting requirements to build wheel ... - done
  Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml) ... - done
Collecting schema<0.8.0,>=0.7.1 (from tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading schema-0.7.7-py2.py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Collecting tomlkit<0.12,>=0.11 (from tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading tomlkit-0.11.8-py3-none-any.whl (35 kB)
Collecting iniconfig (from pytest->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 7))
  Downloading iniconfig-2.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (5.9 kB)
Collecting packaging (from pytest->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 7))
  Downloading packaging-24.1-py3-none-any.whl (53 kB)
Collecting pluggy<2,>=1.5 (from pytest->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 7))
  Downloading pluggy-1.5.0-py3-none-any.whl (20 kB)
Collecting colorama<0.5.0,>=0.4.1 (from cli-ui>=0.10.3->tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading colorama-0.4.6-py2.py3-none-any.whl (25 kB)
Collecting tabulate<0.9.0,>=0.8.3 (from cli-ui>=0.10.3->tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading tabulate-0.8.10-py3-none-any.whl (29 kB)
Collecting unidecode<2.0.0,>=1.0.23 (from cli-ui>=0.10.3->tbump~=6.11->-r requirements_minimal.txt (line 3))
  Downloading Unidecode-1.3.8-py3-none-any.whl (235 kB)
Building wheels for collected packages: docopt
  Building wheel for docopt (pyproject.toml) ... - done
  Created wheel for docopt: filename=docopt-0.6.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl size=13706 sha256=e479de1b110daecbd69166aabd71e2d04d91fc0dbe1cdf738219df4ff729dd3d
  Stored in directory: /root/.cache/pip/wheels/1a/b0/8c/4b75c4116c31f83c8f9f047231251e13cc74481cca4a78a9ce
Successfully built docopt
Installing collected packages: schema, docopt, contributors-txt, unidecode, tomlkit, tabulate, pluggy, packaging, iniconfig, coverage, colorama, pytest, cli-ui, tbump, pytest-cov
   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╺━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━  9/15 [coverage]   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 15/15 [pytest-cov]
Successfully installed cli-ui-0.17.2 colorama-0.4.6 contributors-txt-1.0.0 coverage-7.6.1 docopt-0.6.2 iniconfig-2.0.0 packaging-24.1 pluggy-1.5.0 pytest-8.3.3 pytest-cov-5.0.0 schema-0.7.7 tabulate-0.8.10 tbump-6.11.0 tomlkit-0.11.8 unidecode-1.3.8
WARNING: Running pip as the 'root' user can result in broken permissions and conflicting behaviour with the system package manager, possibly rendering your system unusable. It is recommended to use a virtual environment instead: https://pip.pypa.io/warnings/venv. Use the --root-user-action option if you know what you are doing and want to suppress this warning.


root@e47b63c1a3cb:/testbed $

exit code: 0

================================== Ai Message ==================================

Thought: Dependencies are installed successfully. Now, I will install the project in editable mode to ensure the environment is set up correctly for testing.

Action: <command>pip install -e .</command>
================================ Human Message =================================

Observation:
pip install -e .
Looking in indexes: http://host.docker.internal:56572
Obtaining file:///testbed
  Installing build dependencies ... - \ | done
  Checking if build backend supports build_editable ... done
  Getting requirements to build editable ... - done
  Preparing editable metadata (pyproject.toml) ... - done
Building wheels for collected packages: astroid
  Building editable for astroid (pyproject.toml) ... - done
  Created wheel for astroid: filename=astroid-4.0.0.dev0-0.editable-py3-none-any.whl size=16615 sha256=9341e6ab78c78dc44f2dcd532a802e5541b41fe4ce0ace9ad0ceb17831baf890
  Stored in directory: /tmp/pip-ephem-wheel-cache-unemjumr/wheels/49/5f/4f/01b7d31ea6ddac9643da788242d33e5fd3467d95d17b032c6b
Successfully built astroid
Installing collected packages: astroid
Successfully installed astroid-4.0.0.dev0
WARNING: Running pip as the 'root' user can result in broken permissions and conflicting behaviour with the system package manager, possibly rendering your system unusable. It is recommended to use a virtual environment instead: https://pip.pypa.io/warnings/venv. Use the --root-user-action option if you know what you are doing and want to suppress this warning.


root@e47b63c1a3cb:/testbed $

exit code: 0

================================== Ai Message ==================================

Thought: The project has been installed in editable mode successfully. Now, I will run the tests using pytest to verify the setup.

Action: <command>pytest --maxfail=1 --disable-warnings -q</command>
================================ Human Message =================================

Observation:
pytest --maxfail=1 --disable-warnings -q
sssssssssssssssssssss..sssssssssssssssss.sssssss......s....ss........... [  4%]
...................s.............s...................................... [  8%]
...................x............................................x....... [ 12%]
........................................................................ [ 16%]
.......................x...s............................................ [ 21%]
..............s.....sssss...sssssss.s.....s............................. [ 25%]
........................................................................ [ 29%]
..........................................s............................. [ 33%]
..................................x...........x......x.................. [ 38%]
........................................x............................... [ 42%]
....................................s..........sss...................... [ 46%]
......................................x........xx.....................x. [ 50%]
..x................................................x.................... [ 55%]
........................................................................ [ 59%]
........................................................................ [ 63%]
...................................................................s.... [ 67%]
................ssss.................................................... [ 72%]
........................................................................ [ 76%]
....................................................................x... [ 80%]
............x........................................................... [ 84%]
..sss....................................................ss............. [ 89%]
........................................................................ [ 93%]
......................ss................................s.s............. [ 97%]
.........................................                                [100%]
1597 passed, 86 skipped, 15 xfailed in 14.57s


root@e47b63c1a3cb:/testbed $

exit code: 0

##### LLM OUTPUT #####
================================== Ai Message ==================================

<stop></stop>